Excuse me
If you don't buy it, I'll take it.
Can you afford 300 yuan from your pocket?
Can you afford it?
Why
This beauty
Don't be fooled by this jerk.
Look at the poorness that emanates from him.
How can I afford it?
Don't wait until you can't pay when you check out
It's so embarrassing.
This gentleman
This bag is worth 100,000
How much money did I have?
It turned out to be only 100,000
Haha, these, these, these
Pack them all for me
Ling Feng, you really put it on, didn't you?
Do you know how much these bags cost?
I'm afraid even if you find ten more gods they still won't be enough hahahaha
This is not something you need to worry about.
Sir, please stop joking.
Let him buy
I want to see how you can justify this boast.
What if I can afford it?
You really have to afford it
I kneel down and call you grandpa
But what if you can't afford it?
I can't afford it
I'd better sell my kidney
I want to see this dog licking thing
Grab Card
You really think you're showing off by pulling out a card
Will I look upon you with new eyes?
I tell you
You're a piece of shit.
The bigger the bullshit, the stinkier the shit
Catch it